Are we or they Lords of the World?.
All that time the Martians must have been getting ready.
The storm burst upon us six years ago now.
Ogilvy moved about, invisible but audible.
It was a warm night.
It seemed so safe and tranquil.
I myself heard nothing of that.
It had a diameter of about thirty yards.
He was all alone on the common.
Then the thing came upon him in a flash.
By eight os house.
There was very little talking.
The top had certainly ceased to rotate.
Not so much so, indeed.
It looked like a rusty gas float.
had no meaning for most of the onlookers.
I thought the unscrewing might be automatic.
I felt an impatience to see it opened.
Strange imaginings passed through my mind.
As I drew nearer I heard Stents company.
The sunset faded to twilight before anything further happened.
The little knot of people towards Chobham dispersed.
There was scarcely an intimation of movement from the pit.
I saw a lad trundling off the barrow of apples.
This was the Deputation.
At the same time a faint hissing sound became audible.
All I felt was that it was something very strange.
It was dark, and suddenly void of men.
Nothing was changed save for that and a terrible astonishment.
But no one has absolutely proved these details.
Heat, and invisible, instead of visible, light.
Hats and dresses caught fire.
Then came a crying from the common.
I fell and lay still.
I must have remained there some time.
I sat up, strangely perplexed.
My terror had fallen from me like a garment.
My mind was blank wonder.
My muscles and nerves seemed drained of their strength.
I dare say I staggered drunkenly.
Beside him ran a little boy.
He passed me, wishing me good night.
I was minded to speak to him, but did not.
It was all so real and so familiar.
Perhaps I am a man of exceptional moods.
I do not know how far my experience is common.
This feeling was very strong upon me that night.
Here was another side to my dream.
I stopped at the group of people.
There were two men and a woman at the gate.
said one of the men, turning.
asked the men.
said the woman over the gate.
said I; said the woman over the gate.
; and all three of them laughed.
I felt foolish and angry.
They laughed again at my broken sentences.
I said, and went on to my home.
My wife at least did not find my experience incredible.
she said again and again.
In particular I laid stress on the gravitational difficulty.
That, indeed, was the general opinion.
said I, fingering my wineglass.
I remember that dinner table with extraordinary vividness even now.
This was the second cylinder.
The milkman came as usual.
It was a most unexceptional morning.
I repeated my description.
said he, said the first speaker.
said the little dark man.
said the first speaker.
So they discussed it.
The soldiers I addressed didnt know.
The Martians did not show an inch of themselves.
Apparently they were busy getting ready for a struggle.
was the stereotyped formula of the papers.
They seemed very helpless in that pit of theirs.
At that I gripped my wifes shoulder.
The road was dotted with people running towards us.
I overtook and passed the doctor between Woking and Send.
It was nearly eleven when I started to return.
Happily, I knew the road intimately.
They said nothing to me as I passed.
I felt a tug at the reins.
The horse took the bit between his teeth and bolted.
And in an instant it was gone.
I was soaked with hail above and puddle water below.
said I, in a whisper.
He stopped astride of the fence in doubt.
He bent down and stepped softly.
I could not see his face.
He was hatless, and his coat was unbuttoned.
he said, as I drew him in.
he repeated again and again.
He followed me, almost mechanically, into the dining room.
I said, pouring out a stiff dose.
He drank it.
he said, he said.
There his story became ejaculatory.
The place was impassable.
The fires had dwindled now.
Beyond were the pillars of fire about Chobham.
, of the Horse Artillery.
The houses seemed deserted.
Hard by was a temporary hut, deserted.
Once or twice we stopped to listen.
said the lieutenant.
His voice and face were eager.
The men behind him stared curiously.
asked the lieutenant.
said the lieutenant.
I answered, and pointed over the treetops southward.
There was no screaming or shouting, but a silence.
To get under water! That was it!I shouted, unheeded.
Others did the same.
People were landing hastily on both sides of the river.
The Shepperton guns spoke this time unavailingly.
The noise was deafening.
The sun scorched my bare back.
The afternoon papers puffed scraps of news under big headlines.
Then the _St.
Jamesclock, and spent the evening at a music hall.
My brother could not tell him.
He was restless, and after supper prowled out again aimlessly.
Red reflections danced on the ceiling.
Enquiries were being shouted.
It was the dawn of the great panic.
the voices cried.
Georges Hill and the woods of Painshill.
Another nearer, and then another.
The one towards Staines answered him.
There was no flash, no smoke, simply that loaded detonation.
And there had been no crash, no answering explosion.
The silence was restored; the minute lengthened to three.
said the curate, standing up beside me.
A bat flickered by and vanished.
A distant tumult of shouting began and ceased.
By a common impulse we clambered higher.
Everything had suddenly become very still.
But the earthly artillery made no reply.
In the latter aim they certainly succeeded.
Survivors there were none.
By ten oclock.
He succeeded in getting some food at an inn.
The flying people increased in number.
There was no fresh news of the invaders from Mars.
He came upon them just in time to save them.
She fired at six yardss side.
said my brother.
Albans or New Barnet.
My brother stopped.
my brother heard voices crying.
Two men came past them.
Then a dirty woman, carrying a heavy bundle and weeping.
cried the voices.
came echoing down the road.
Their skins were dry, their lips black and cracked.
They were all thirsty, weary, and footsore.
He was a lucky man to have friends.
One of the men came running to my brother.
said my brother; he said.
said the people, thrusting at him.
cried the men all about him.
The multitudinous shouting confused his ears.
he shouted, and began turning the pony round.
Then beyond the bend my brother stopped again.
He turned to Miss Elphinstone, suddenly resolute.
he said, and led the pony round again.
They were hamstringing mankind.
About one os view until the morrow.
This was the ram _Thunder Child_.
At the sight of the sea, Mrs.
A jet of smoke sprang out of her funnels.
But no one heeded that very much.
At the sight of the Martians stern shouted together.
And then they yelled again.
My brother shouted involuntarily.
A boiling tumult of steam hid everything again.
yelled the captain.
Everyone was shouting.
The steamboat throbbed on its way through an interminable suspense.
My brother strained his eyes.
There I will resume.
My mind was occupied by anxiety for my wife.
What was needed now was not bravery, but circumspection.
Such vague anxieties keep the mind sensitive and painful.
We saw nothing of them next day.
At last I found myself awake and very hungry.
The thudding vibration continued with wearisome persistence.
I touched the curates cerebral portion.
And this was the sum of the Martian organs.
Entrails they had none.
They did not eat, much less digest.
In three other points their physiology differed strangely from ours.
The brain alone remained a cardinal necessity.
The Martians wore no clothing.
One would have at least expected it in locomotion.
I turned to a scowling face, and silent, eloquent lips.
It piped and whistled as it worked.
In a flash I was after him.
I was fierce with fear.
He went headlong forward and lay stretched on the ground.
I stumbled over him and stood panting.
He lay still.
I stood petrified, staring.
I trembled violently; I could scarcely stand upright.
Once, even, it touched the heel of my boot.
For a time the tentacle was silent.
I could have fancied it had been withdrawn.
For a minute I was not sure.
Apparently it had taken a lump of coal to examine.
I whispered passionate prayers for safety.
Then silence that passed into an infinity of suspense.
Had it gone? At last I decided that it had.
At that discovery I despaired for the first time.
My mind ran on eating.
To my disordered imagination it seemed the colour of blood.
At length, encouraged by the silence, I looked out.
I stared about me, scarcely believing my eyes.
All the machinery had gone.
My chance of escape had come.
I began to tremble.
I looked about again.
To the northward, too, no Martian was visible.
The red weed grew tumultuously in their roofless rooms.
A number of other birds hopped about among the ruins.
These fragments of nourishment served only to whet my hunger.
The fronds became bleached, and then shrivelled and brittle.
And suddenly I gripped his hand.
he said, with his eyes shining.
he said, with a sort of sombre gratification.
I cried, said the artilleryman.
And I succumbed to his conviction.
he said;and subsided into a grim meditation.
I sat contemplating these things.
Going on towards Brompton, the streets were quiet again.
The black powder covered them over, and softened their outlines.
One or two had been disturbed by dogs.
A jewellers Park.
The desolating cry worked upon my mind.
The mood that had sustained me passed.
The wailing took possession of me.
It was already past noon.
I thought of the poisons in the chemistss Park.
I was not terrified.
I tried to formulate a plan of action.
That perpetual sound ofconfused my mind.
Perhaps I was too tired to be very fearful.
Johns Wood station.
The forepart was shattered.
An insane resolve possessed me.
I would die and end it.
I hurried through the red weed that choked St.
It was inevitable.
For neither do men live nor die in vain.
To me also at that time this death was incomprehensible.
Death had come not a day too soon.
The torment was over.
Even that day the healing would begin.
Yet, perhaps, it is not altogether strange.
And then I forget.
Of the next three days I know nothing.
Martins hut, had contrived to telegraph to Paris.
But of all this I have no memory.
Johns meat and pickled cabbage.
I have assumed that in the body of my narrative.
In any case, we should be prepared.
Possibly they see it in the same light.
Redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
is a registered trademark.
and any additional terms imposed by the copyright holder.
Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section below.
Newby Chief Executive and Director gbnewby@pglaf.
laws alone swamp our small staff.
Professor Michael S.
unless a copyright notice is included.
